---
layout: post
title: "Quan Thai"
caption: Quan Thai
categories:
  - exhibition
thumbnail: assets/images/organizers/exhibition/quan-thai.jpg
permalink: /quan-thai/
role: "Assistant Professor of Architecture, LTU CoAD"
email: qthai@ltu.edu
instagram: "@qthai"
---

## Quan Thai

Quan Thai is a licensed architect with the Ontario Association of Architects (OAA) and the Ordre des architectes du Québec (OAQ), and the founder of Never Only Architecture. Currently Assistant Professor of Architecture at LTU CoAD, he was previously an Associate, Architecture at SvN Architects + Planners, a multidisciplinary firm with offices across North America. With over a decade of experience, his practice spans high-profile conceptual and built work across North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and the Middle East, having worked at internationally recognized studios in Toronto, Paris, New York City, and Montreal.

He is the inaugural Emerging Practitioner Teaching Fellow (2023–25) at the University of Waterloo School of Architecture and has also taught at the Daniels Faculty of Architecture, Landscape and Design at the University of Toronto and in Interior Design at The Creative School, Toronto Metropolitan University. Thai is an Associate Member of the American Institute of Architects (AIA).

His work prioritizes diverse perspectives, collaborative inquiry, and accessible knowledge-sharing to create inclusive spaces across communities and identity groups. His research explores the intersections of queer space, housing, and community, focusing on how queer identity can inform and challenge normative models of living and belonging. Committed to collaborative and interdisciplinary practice, he has partnered with organizations such as The 519, a City of Toronto non-profit supporting the 2SLGBTQIA+ community, and the Toronto Society of Architects to connect students with community leaders and activists. By engaging emergent technologies and participatory design frameworks, his work imagines and advocates for spaces of safety, inclusion, and joy.

Thai holds an Honors Bachelor of Architecture from the University of Waterloo and a Master of Architecture from McGill University.

[Faculty Profile](https://ltu.edu/faculty/thai-quan/)


