---
layout: post
title: "Teng Teng"
caption: Teng Teng
categories:
  - technical
thumbnail: assets/images/organizers/technical/teng-teng.jpg
permalink: /teng-teng/
role: "PhD Candidate, UPenn; Assistant Professor of Architecture (Spring '26), LTU CoAD"
email: tteng@design.upenn.edu
instagram: "@ttistengteng"
website: "https://www.design.upenn.edu/people/teng-teng"
---

## Teng Teng

Teng Teng is a Ph.D. candidate in Building Technology at the University of Pennsylvania Weitzman School of Design and Assistant Professor at Lawrence Technological University. As an interdisciplinary researcher and architect with global experience, Teng focuses on materializing high-performance building components by integrating novel construction materials with advanced fabrication systems to address critical environmental challenges. His research interests reside in mechatronics, robotics, advanced manufacturing, and materials. He is particularly interested in addressing fabrication issues for design materialization, providing intelligent systems and computational software for designers and makers.

He holds two master’s degrees—from Cornell University and the University of Washington—and previously served as a research associate in the Jenny Sabin Lab at Cornell and as a faculty member at the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art. He has taught and collaborated widely at Penn, Cornell, UW, and multiple universities in Asia, leading courses and workshops in design computation, robotics, and fabrication.

His research has been widely published in peer-reviewed journals such as Materials & Design, Advanced Functional Materials, Additive Manufacturing, Building and Environment, and he presents regularly at ACADIA, eCAADe, CAADRIA. Recent recognition includes Best Paper Runner-Up at ACADIA (2024).

Before academia, Teng worked at CallisonRTKL as a project architect and computational design lead and later co-founded Adaptive Design LLC. He has contributed to more than 30 mixed-use, retail, and residential projects across Asia, the Middle East, and North America, with responsibilities spanning concept design through construction administration and real estate development. He also co-founded NCF, one of China’s earliest and largest computational design platforms, which has influenced generations of young architects and students.

**Contact:** [UPenn Profile](https://www.design.upenn.edu/people/teng-teng)
